Increase the size of the module icons and arrange the infinity shape they are aligned to diagonal across the main screen from top left to bottom right, but still underneath the title. When adding new modules add it into the infinity shape and arrange everything accordingly. Keep the name/text underneath each module the same size.
In the comments section notes remove the two lines in the background and keep it a clean sheet only with the horizontal lines. When adding a picture to the notes make sure that you can move the picture to any position within the notes and it should always be in front of the text. In the draw option add the functions to add an arrow in black and red which you can change in length and thickness. Add a marker that is transparent, but with the color options of green, blue, yellow, red, pink, orange. Add another function to draw a square, which the user will be able to change in size.
Within the Notes add the function to zoom out and into the notes.
Change the text and icon within the “Save Note” button to the color black.
Make sure that none of the text of the modules and the icons overlap.
When a new employee signs up give the option to choose from funny portraits for themselves as well as the option to upload their own picture. Move the profile picture in the top left corner of each area. For the user the only information to add will be the name, email address and phone number as well as a picture.
Within the employee section when clicking on an employee it shall take the admin to their progress report.
When a new account will be created the admin has to approve the new user. Make the application connected to the internet, so that people can log on from wherever it is installed. The application shall update itself if changes have been made by the admin.
Create a first page before entering the application to log on with your email and password. After entering the credentials, the user will have access to the software. Other users can log in with their credentials as well and it will adjust accordingly the progress.
